1) What is SDLC and how it run?
Ans:- The software development lifecycle (SDLC) methodology provides a systematic management framework with specific deliverables at every stage of the software development process.
The software development lifecycle (SDLC) is the cost-effective and time-efficient process.
SDLC consists of various phases.
i)Planning
ii)Design
iii)Coding
iv)Testing
v)Deployment

2) What is waterfall methodology?
Ans:-The Waterfall methodology also known as the Waterfall model.
It is a sequential development process that flows like a waterfall through all phases of a project 
(analysis, design, development, and testing), with each phase completely wrapping up before the next phase begins.

3) What is Agile methodology?
Ans:-The Agile methodology is a project management approach that involves breaking the project into phases.
It emphasizes continuous collaboration and improvement. 

4) Why do we choose agile methodology over waterfall methodology?
Ans:-In agile methodology we can break the process and come to the previous process.
In waterfall methodology we have to go in a flow we can not come back to previous process.

5) How many types of environment are there?
Ans:-i)Testing Environment
     ii)Staging Environment
     iii)Development Environment
     iv)UAT Environment
     v)Production Environment
6) What is Devops?
Ans:-Devops combines development and operations.
It is SDLC methodology.
Development team and operation team works together.
This both team works on the same environment.

7) Why do we need devops in our projects?
Ans:- The role of Devops guy are development and operation team have to work on same environment.
Make sure process has been smooth.

8) What devops offers in our organisation?
Ans:-DevOps is the combination of cultural philosophies, practices, and tools.
It increases an organization's ability to deliver applications and services at high velocity.
It evolving and improving products at a faster pace than organizations using traditional software development and infrastructure management processes.
