1) What is SCM?
Ans:-SCM stands for Supply Chain Management. 
It is the management of the flow of goods and services and includes all processes that transform raw materials into final products.
The five most critical elements of SCM are developing a strategy, sourcing raw materials, production, distribution, and returns.

2) What is VCS?
Ans:-VCS stands for Version Control System. 
A version control system (VCS) or version control software automates the process of version control. 
It tracks changes to a file or set of files over time.
A version control system keeps a complete history of your code and other files, allowing you to return to a previous version if needed. 

3) Which types of VCS we use for the best practices?
Ans:-Distributed

4) Why we use DVCS instead of CVCS?
Ans:-CVCS is easy to learn and easy to set up. 
DVCS has the biggest advantage in that it allows you to work offline and gives flexibility.

5) Explain how Git flows?
Ans-Git works by tracking changes to files in a repository. 
When a file is changed, Git calculates a unique identifier for the change,called a "commit hash". 
The commit hash allows Git to identify the change and track it over time.

6) What is the version of Git you have used in your project?
Ans:- Git Version 2.34.1

7) What is working directory, staging area and local repository?
Ans:-WORKING DIRECTORY:
Working Directory​ Git directory serves to record the file versions you authorized Git to track. 
However, you create a working repository to store any file. 
In other words, you can use a working directory to store files (or folders) that are under version control and those that are not.

STAGING AREA:-
In staging area is the middle ground between what you have done to your files.(also known as the working directory)
As the name implies, the staging area gives you space to prepare (stage) the changes that will be reflected on the next commit.

LOCAL REPOSITORY:-
The local repository is a Git repository that is stored on your computer. 
A local repository is a copy of the entire project's history and codebase that resides on a developer's machine. 
When a developer initializes a local repository, Git sets up the necessary infrastructure to track changes, branches, and commits within the project.

8) What do you understand remote repository?
Ans:- Remote repositories are versions of your project that are hosted on the Internet or network somewhere. 
You can have several of them each of which generally is either read-only or read/write for you.

9) what is commit id?(How many digits id are there in commit id?)
Ans:- It is a Unique Id that come for every command for every thing do in git i.e.commit,add,delete.
40 digits are there in commit id.

10) What do you understand by git conflict?
Ans:- A conflict arises when two separate branches have made edits to the same line in a file, or when a file has been deleted in one branch but edited in the other. 
Conflicts will most likely happen when working in a team environment.

11) Can we explain the git stash?
Ans:- Git stash is a powerful tool that allows you to save your changes and revert your working directory to a previous state. 
This is especially useful when switching branches or reverting to a previous commit.
And Git Stash takes a snapshot of your changes and stores them away for later use.

12)What is the diff between Git pull and Git fetch?
-->The git pull command is used to fetch and download content from a remote repository and immediately 
update the local repository to match that content.
Git fetch is a primary command used to download contents from a remote repository. Here you can manage and 
share your code with others and manage development teams as collaborators.

13)What is the difference between Git, GIT HUB and GIT LAB?
-->Git is an open-source distributed version control system designed to handle everything from small to very
large projects with speed and efficiency.
GitHub is a cloud-based git repository hosting service. Here you can manage and share your code with others 
and manage development teams as collaborators.
Git lab is a web-based DevOps life cycle tool that provides a git repository manager that provides a wiki, issue
tracking and CI/CD pipeline.

14)What is the difference between git clone and git fork?
--> In Git, cloning is the act of making a copy of any target repository. The target repository can be remote or local.
A fork in Git is simply a copy of an existing repository in which the new owner disconnects the codebase from previous committers.


